INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.
Please total your self-evaluation score at the bottom of the rubric.

REPO: https://github.com/Trev004/TrevDGL203CSS-Project

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer: 3


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer: 3


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer: 3


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer: 2 (I probably should have used branches, I forgot to do that when working, so I moved to 2 from 3)


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer: 3

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer: 3

G. Self Evaluation Questions (half point each):

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
	GitHub says about 5 hours, but I'd say closer to 3 for the actual changes.
2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
	Moderate, it wasn't just blindly plugging in numbers, I made sure to use bootstrap classes
		Which meant needing to go to their docs, and even then some trial and error (In a good way)
3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
	From a branding standpoint, they recently changed their menu, which meant I had to reconsider what would look good with
		it colour wise, I eventually settled on a sort of olive green
	From a technical standpoint, getting the image cards/modals to look right on different screen sizes I'd say.
		I think it looks alright now, but that was after some testing with more Bootstrap classes
4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
	If I had to say anything, It'd be, if someone asked me to make a site for them, but didn't really care how,
		is there any reason *not* to use Bootstrap? I don't really see why not? unless they wanted a site that has a unique layout
		I guess (Bootstrap can look kinda "samey" across sites, which I like but I could see others not)?

LINK TO REPO: https://github.com/Trev004/TrevDGL203CSS-Project
Total Score: 19/20


SUMMARY OF CHANGES:
	The bulk of the changes were on the menu page, by converting to use a grid system and have image modals
instead of using an image carousel. It's still responsive, by breaking down into different column numbers
depending on screen size. Aside from that, it was increasing font size, which just meant Bootstrap classes, 
I also used SCSS and a partial to change the pointer on the images, and to make the header and footer custom colours.
On the About Us page, I added a couple Bootstrap classes to make the footer stay on the bottom of the page
instead of just being attached to the end of the content (which wasn't long enough to make it sit on the bottom).
I don't think I identified any changes that I didn't make

SEMESTER REFLECTIONS
	I feel good with what I've learned, I imagine it of being how CSS is actually used, being Bootstrap and SCSS over
just writing CSS raw. I think most of it went well? I can't really think of anything that was too difficult or
otherwise done poorly? I think if I were to change any aspects about the course, it'd be these two things:
	1. Release answers for quiz questions after we complete the quizzes, or even after that quiz's time window is over.
	I only say this because I know there's a few quiz questions that I'm unsure if I got them right? I mean I didn't get 100%
	so obviously I got *something* wrong, I just can't go back and check what I got wrong.
	2. This may just be personal taste, but I feel like a little *too* much time was spend on animations? I get why we need
	to understand the basics of it (for SCSS, and Bootstrap reasons) but I never really felt any need to actually use it in our 
	sites/projects? I also feel like I never see any sort of CSS animations in "actual" websites
I'd keep the rest of the course the same? I can't think of any other pain points right now?

	I'd say the workload was appropriate, I spent close to the average expected time on work. I can't really say above
or below the average, since it varied from week to week.

	If I had to pick a topic to spend more time on, it'd be using SCSS. As much as I love Bootstrap, it's pretty simple so I feel
the right amount of time was spent on it. I wish more was on SCSS since it kinda feels like most of our learning on pre-Bootstrap/SCSS
could have just been done in SCSS? I get why we did pure CSS first, since it's important to learn the basics and then
build on them.

	Anything that felt like it was missing? I'd say reasons to *not* use frameworks like Bootstrap and or SCSS/SASS.
Maybe *I* just missed it, but from where I am now, I don't see any reason to use pure CSS over those two? SCSS, 
from what I remember from class, can do most, if not all that CSS can do so why even bother with CSS?
But this could maybe be me overthinking it, and real world scenarios vary so much it'd be hard to come up with
one single reason/list of reasons?

	Do I feel confident enough to tackle a project on my own? Both yes, and no
I don't think this is necessarily CSS related, But I feel like there's a few key concepts missing before
I can say "Yes" if someone were to ask me (assuming freelance) to make a website for them.
Things such as:

1. Where/How to host it (I know you responded to my question about this in milestone 3) Is that on me to figure out?
	Or do I give them the code, and they're the ones to host it or figure out how to host it? (again, I imagine this is one of the things
	that vary so much that it'd be hard to give a concrete answer?)
2. What does the site need? Is this on me to figure out? Or would the client usually come with a list of requirements?
3. How much would I even expect (money wise) from completing a website for someone? IE How much is "normal" to charge?
	I only say this because I'd want to avoid asking too much and getting declined. And on the flip side, 
	asking too little and undervaluing the work?
	I imagine, like all answers that aren't a simple yes/no, that it depends on what the site needs, feature wise?

	Aside from those 3, I'd say I could probably build a website? I mean as long as it's not pulling content from some other service, 
HTML/CSS wise I could probably do it, yeah. And if they'd need something more slightly more advanced but ultra-customized, 
WordPress maybe?

LINK TO REPO: https://github.com/Trev004/TrevDGL203CSS-Project